
  1. BACKGROUND: 
      You are working in a QA project. You are reviewing contents that has an unique reference ID. 
      If you notice an error, you track its reference ID, categorize errors and leave comments in the spreadsheet.
      Once certain amounts of errors are captured, you clean the spreadsheet and repeat the process next day.
      
      Necessary information that need to be tracked in this project includes:
      (1) An extract of strings (ex. web link, file address, contents reference numbers etc.) 
      (2) Nominal values organized by hirarchy (ex. The error group, error type, error sub type etc.)
      (3) Strings (ex. comments)
        
  2. WORKFLOW: 
      (1) In the Entry_Form worksheet, you copy the whole 1(1). Form will transfer its extract to the Tracker worksheet.
      (2) In the Entry_Form worksheet, you select error type from the list and add comment.
      (3) You click Insert_Button() and entered data will be transffered to assigned cells in the Tracker worksheet.
      (4) You click Clear_Button() in Tracker worksheet which alert you before clearing contents in the defined cells.
      
  3. SOLUTION:
      Depending on the scenario, two types of macro-enabled excel file can be created.
      (1) Type: If the content you are reviewing would generally contain 1-3 types of errors, track errors per type. 
                Scenario  : You need to track two types of error, type A and B for content 14##AB34aood.
                Use guide : You track error type A and use Insert_Button(). Repeat the process to track the error type B. 
                Results   : You will have two rows generated in Tracker worksheet, for type A and B.
      (2) Type: If the content you are reviewing would generally contain 3+ types of errors, track errors per content. 
                Scenario  : You need to track 4 types of error, type A, B, C and D.
                Use guide : You track error type A, B, C, D and user Insert_Button().
                Results   : You will have four rows generated in Tracker worksheet, for type A, B, C and D.

- END - 
